{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You were a little stronger, a little faster, a little healthier than before, but the best part was that...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >You could shape shift. You weren't very good at it at first, only able to make small changes to your appearance. You could change the color of your eyes at will, for example, or change the length of your hair with only a thought. It would be years before you could transform yourself into a completely different...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >person, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >animal,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but practice made perfect, and you enjoyed the process as much as the result.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >You could totally hulk out! You weren't just a little stronger, you were the strongest person in your town. And that was without activating your powers - when you did, your whole body changed to a huge muscular monstrosity. It felt like absolutely nothing could stand in your way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >Your senses were extremely heightened, but most specifically your...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >sense of smell - which came with it's own benefits, and problems. You could tell people's emotions just from their smell, but you were hit with double the odor if they hadn't bathed well enough. With some time, you learned how to block out the worst of unpleasant smells at will, thankfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >sight - you could see perfect details from miles away, but switching between near and far sight always left you with one hell of a headache. It would take a lot of practice to adjust to the process, but you got it eventually.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >hearing - at first it almost drove you mad, just by the sheer amount of sounds you could now hear. After a few sleepless nights, you started to understand how to "tune in" to specific sounds, so to speak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >sense of touch - At first you were overwhelmed just by simple textures - all of your clothes felt odd, and the ground felt like it was constantly moving under your feet. Slowly you became accustomed to your powers, and were able to tell with pinpoint accuracy where anyone was in any building just from touching the floor, and feeling the  ever so slight vibrations of their footsteps. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab >intuition - Some people called it a sixth sense. You called it unnerving. Your body started reacting all on it's own, to things you knew you should never have been able to see coming - but you did. When you finally understood what was happening, you stopped second guessing your own instincts, and let them naturally guide you with every move you made.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}