{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri-5760\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 create a superhero or villain and work your way through to the top (either taking over or saving your city). two paths, each with three endings (win, win but with great loss, lose). join a super group or fly solo, either way you won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t survive without some help, you noob. game takes place over 4 months. first three months are fairly freeform, final month is focused purely on saving or taking over the city.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 intro: you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve just come of age (18) and can now register as a super. you revisit some memories of how you got here, then fill out a simple form and questionnaire. then check your dossiers for missions (also in your dossier, information on everyone you know of. missions available will be dependent on starting abilities. you will also receive a message from someone in the underworld requesting your particular set of skills for an illegal mission. if you choose to take it, you begin your career as a super villain, instead of hero. (selecting \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92 will block off the villain path, and will be made clear in the message).}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 abilities will rise the more you use them. every option possible in any scene will have a note with which abilities it relies on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 missions are skill and time based - beginning missions will lock out after 14 days maximum, intermediate missions will lock out after 30 days maximum, and expert missions will lock out after 74 days maximum.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 how well you do on missions will affect your general relations, and slightly affect your personal relations (depending on whether your choices were moral or not, whether you were merciful or not, and depending on your personal relations\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 moral and merciful stats)}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 what are super villain/hero traits?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 morals }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (evil to good) <- base villain to hero stat. everything else tells you what kind of hero/villain you are.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 lenience }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (ruthless to merciful) <-do you kill people, let them go or hand them over to authorities? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 attitude }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (rude to pleasant) <- this is decided by your interactions with people. sarcasm will lower this into rude territory, but it takes being really mean to drop to 0.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 egoism }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (selfish to selfless) <- do you give more than you get? or do you only try to benefit yourself?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 hostility }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (violent to peaceful) <- do you shoot first and ask questions later, or is violence a last resort?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 fame }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (nobody to famous) <- how well known you are, good or bad. it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s possible to be a great hero but shy completely away from the limelight (this will make you mysterious, yes, but still not famous).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 style }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 (subtle to flashy) <- not good to bad, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no measure for bad style (though odd combinations will be commented on)}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}