{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 You found yourself able to harness the elements. But every elemental Super has an affinity, and yours was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Earth - You were out walking one day, when you heard a rumble from the hill above you. You looked up, and saw a large cloud of dust heading swiftly in your direction. You were caught in landslide, with no time to run. You barely had a moment to wish it would stop - and then it did. You took a step back and away, and stared at the rocks and dust, frozen in time. Once you gathered your thoughts, you finally realized what was going on. From a safe distance, you tried willing the landslide to continue, and the rocks started falling again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Water - You were swimming at the beach on a particularly windy day, and made the mistake of swimming too far out. A large wave was coming quickly towards you, and all you could do was shut your eyes tight and hope it would calm before it reached you. When a moment passed by and the wave hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hit, you took the chance to open your eyes and found the water around you completely still. After a moment\u8217\'92s thought, you willed the water to carry you back to shore - and soon after your feet touched the sandy beach and you were ecstatic.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 >Fire - You were making dinner at home, and stepped away for just a moment when suddenly the smell of smoke filled the air. You followed the smell to the kitchen where you realized, to your dismay, that the meal you were cooking was on fire - and so were the curtains. The alarm sounded, and the fire was spreading quickly. Humans react oddly in times of crisis, and your reaction was to flap your hands as fast as possible in an attempt to stop the fire. It should have made it worse, but instead, the fire went out. You stared at your hands in disbelief, then considered willing a flame to appear between them. You couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop smiling when it actually appeared - a small but potent consolation for the damage done to your home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Air - You were leaning against the railing on the roof of a tall building, watching the birds above you dip and dive through the sky. As you stared in wonder, you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the light tremor from the old, rusted bars behind you - not until it was too late, and you were falling. Time seemed to almost slow down, and all you could do was wish you could fly like the birds above. A surge of wind swelled around you then, and carried you back up, up, up into the clouds. It took you a minute to understand what was happening, but once you did you willed the very air itself to lower you gently back onto the roof. You looked back up at the birds, and grinned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Electricity - You were walking home one day when the sound of thunder rumbled above you. Not the most welcome sound, as you still had a ways to go, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have anything to keep you dry. You felt the small hairs on the back of your neck raise and you knew instantly what was about to happen. Before you had a chance to think, the lightning hit you and\u8230\'85 nothing. You were fine. You could still feel it, like a pulse, coarsing through you - but you were still conscious, and still breathing. You took a step forward and felt suddenly dizzy. You reached out to stabilize yourself, when the electricity you could feel inside you suddenly pulsed out of your hand. You thought, for a moment, that you were hallucinating, that maybe the lightning had done some damage, and maybe you weren\u8217\'92t actually conscious. So you tried to make it happen again, on purpose this time - and it did. }}